a few trees were cut down this morning to change parents
much to the dismay of the local residents
those competitions have long been for the preservation of those trees
direction Brussels because they are sick or the children 41
another video clip
made no effort
the emotions flare up
they understand the decision of livni in between that is the former within
no i believe in green
during a festive evening I can see the illness I am in this
and you have it sometime not even really something to go to the foundation
the barrage of questions the news
that within that is the administration that must take care of nature
to preserve biodiversity that 10 that way I got to it
The footpath is wonderfully terribly rare in nature
just head to the buttons
the soloists who had to do years ago
we had to disappear
some would be sick but there are also twice the customer who the
facilitate access to the park or to the playgrounds
must have in busy places
that activity of the green walk the better we will be here on a we
want to make ten of that place those little places
and the russian make a staircase on the property a slope for those in the able and
for that lady who dropped the euro when the children with the third hit hurt
the works started tomorrow's site
It is according to the source has never been communicated with
this project is already three years old
and lastly a public performance that people are there at the juniors ronaldo
has come
no one who has more than three years later then you know we respond
mv government member mobilizes we have
I also did not want to consult for a long time, but Belek was drinking
agreed that the man can get in the way
also the pit stop
because plus a guidance committee and the rear wing